flyctl: add page (#8144)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/flyctl.md

# flyctl

> Command-line tool for flyctl.io.
> More information: <https://github.com/superfly/flyctl>.

> - Sign into fly account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign into a Fly account:
```

`flyctl auth login`

- Launch from your own Dockerfile:

> `flyctl launch`

Reviewer 2: Although the default is the `Dockerfile` in the current directory, how about we still specify it explicitly:
```suggestion
`flyctl launch --dockerfile {{path/to/Dockerfile}}`
```

> - Launch from your own Dockerfile (Default path is current working directory):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Launch from your own Dockerfile (the default path is the current working directory):
```
What does it launch? This sentence feels rather incomplete. Maybe this?
```suggestion
- Launch an application from a specific Dockerfile (the default path is the current working directory):
```

> `flyctl launch --dockerfile {{path/to/Dockerfile}}`

Reviewer: I think we agreed to keep all arguments lowercase, even if they aren't
```suggestion
`flyctl launch --dockerfile {{path/to/dockerfile}}`
```

- Open browser to current deployed application:

`flyctl open`

- Deploy Fly applications:

> `flyctl deploy`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`flyctl deploy --dockerfile {{path/to/Dockerfile}}`
```

> - Open browser to current deployed application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open the browser to the current deployed application:
```
If it opens the application in the current e.g. directory → `current, deployed`
If there's only one running application, which you open → `currently deployed`

Reviewer: @einverne which one of those cases does apply to the example?

Reviewer 3: Perhaps this better
```suggestion
- Open the current deployed application in the default web browser:
```

Reviewer: It is, but doesn't really solve the issue.

It's not clear whether it opens the `currently deployed application` or the `deployed application in the current directory`

> - Open the browser to the current deployed application:

Reviewer 3: Perhaps this better
```suggestion
- Open the current deployed application in the default web browser:
```

> - Deploy Fly applications:

Reviewer: Can there be multiple applications in a single Dockerfile?
```suggestion
- Deploy the Fly applications from a specific Dockerfile:
```

> - Open web browser on Fly Web UI for this app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open the Fly Web UI for the current application in a web browser:
```

`flyctl dashboard`

- List apps:

`flyctl apps list`

- View app status:

> `flyctl status -a {{app_name}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`flyctl status --app {{app_name}}`
```

> - List apps:

Reviewer: All apps?
All running apps?
All apps in the current directory?

> - List apps:

Author: ```suggestion
- List all applications in your Fly.io account:
```

> - View app status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- View the status of a specific running application:
```
`running` was just guess, not sure if it's right

> `flyctl status -app {{app_name}}`

Reviewer 2: I think we have an `innocent-typo` :)
```suggestion
`flyctl status --app {{app_name}}`
```

> - List all applications in your Fly.io account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List all applications in the logged-in Fly account:
```
We try to avoid personal pronouns.
Also, you used `Fly` in the first example, so we should keep it consistent. You could also change both to `Fly.io`
